Getting and Cleaning Data
=========================

This repository contains code written for the Getting and Cleaning Data Coursera course through Johns Hopkins University.

## Course Project
Per the project assignment:
"The purpose of this project is to demonstrate your ability to collect, work with, and clean a data set. The goal is to prepare tidy data that can be used for later analysis. You will be graded by your peers on a series of yes/no questions related to the project.

You will be required to submit:
1) a tidy data set as described below,
2) a link to a Github repository with your script for performing the analysis, and
3) a code book that describes the variables, the data, and any transformations or work that you performed to clean up the data called CodeBook.md. 

You should also include a README.md in the repo with your scripts. This repo explains how all of the scripts work and how they are connected."

This file is the README.md required by the course assignment.

###Steps to use code in this repository:
* Unzip the source (https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip) into a folder on your local drive
* Put run_analysis.R from this respository into the same directory as the unzipped UCI_HAR_Dataset directory.  **DO NOT PUT IT INSIDE THE UCI_HAR_Dataset directory**
* In RStudio: source("run_analysis.R")
* The code will generate two files - merged_cleaned_data_with_names.txt and tidy_data_set_with_the_averages.txt These files have already be generated by the code for project submission. Running run_analysis.R will overwrite those files.
